yeah mmm my issue is that they haven't
they haven't lose University if I see
tomorrow love you
good morning pie I'm coming home today
to prevent the spread of the virus my
family and I are self quarantine
[Music]
I don't even know why I'm getting so
emotional I've loaded the video we're
disinfecting my room and tips and thing
with hygiene tips and I'm replying to
comments and the comments section is
such a positive place like filled with
so much kindness um people from all over
the world like sending their love and
support to other people you know they
always say in a crisis in something bad
happens people team together so much
more and you can see compassion and love
spreading throughout the world and
obviously that's not the case everywhere
just that the alternative to that that
compassion and that mutual solidarity is
so powerful and we can't underestimate
that yes I'm just sitting here reading
comments I'm pretty much crying so I am
NOT going to pack up my university room
so the first thing I did was just make a
list of all of the different areas I
needed to pack so that I could check
them off as I was going along and I just
sawed off by putting all of my canned
drinks like kombu cheese into a Kabul
box so they'd be easy to store
then I packed up all my toiletries here
I moved on to my wardrobe so I just put
a mat out on the floor so that I
wouldn't get my clothes were dirty on
the carpet and then I put these into the
laundry bag and thankfully I managed to
fit all of my clothes perfectly into
this laundry bag
[Music]
then I just packed all of my
miscellaneous bits into their sparse kit
particular the end of my bed this was
such a good travel storage device I
packed up my shoes in a carrier bag so
then I started to pack away my desk and
I was just sorting this out as I was
going along because I wanted it to be
really easy to unpack when I got back
and I actually realized a half way
through doing this that I never filmed
the university desk tour which people
have been requesting since I moved into
university so I quickly filmed that I
packed all of my notebooks into this
mini suitcase and this was my room by
this point it was starting to look a
little bit there definitely
deconstructed it was looking very messy
and then my dad arrived whilst I was
packing things up he was taking things
down to the car
[Music]
this was the state of the room at this
point I'd strip the beds I went round
with a rubbish bag and I just picked up
all of the little things which needed to
go in the bin then of course I hovered
you need to leave your room in a really
good state when you move out so I did a
lot nice big Hoover of the carpet
and honestly I cannot tell you how much
I'm going to miss this view I don't
usually like the use of buildings but
it's such a beautiful building and it
really reminds me of a little princess
we didn't realize I was gonna move out
today and now I have it made more sense
for us to just move everything out and
then we went had to make the long drive
back down to Exeter just to collect
everything especially at this situation
it's not quite bad so that's where we've
done this it might seem a bit excessive
I don't think it is I think it makes
sense logistically because we wouldn't
have to make that journey and I'm gonna
win on just like five yeah and we all
might be able to console me
so for lunch I had a bagel with some
tomato avocado raw mushroom and here's
another shot of my beautiful
accommodation which I'm definitely going
to miss so then we did the long drive
back home this is me in the service
station yay very exciting and we dropped
off at the supermarket on the way back
we are here dropping off a bleachers on
the way back because it was the biggest
supermarket we passed and my mom wanted
a few things and I bet they are out of
debt up spray because that's what my
mom's asked for
so yes that was my very quick move out
video I hope that you enjoyed watching
this quick vlog and I hope that you stay
safe and that you have a productive week